praise the Lord Oh give thanks to the
praise the Lord Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever who can utter the mighty
endures forever who can utter the mighty
endures forever who can utter the mighty acts of the Lord who can declare all his
acts of the Lord who can declare all his
acts of the Lord who can declare all his praise blessed are those who keep
praise blessed are those who keep
praise blessed are those who keep justice and he who does righteousness at
justice and he who does righteousness at
justice and he who does righteousness at all times remember me O Lord with the
all times remember me O Lord with the
all times remember me O Lord with the favor you have toward your people o
favor you have toward your people o
favor you have toward your people o visit me with your salvation that I may
visit me with your salvation that I may
visit me with your salvation that I may see the benefit of your chosen ones that
see the benefit of your chosen ones that
see the benefit of your chosen ones that I may rejoice in the gladness of your
I may rejoice in the gladness of your
I may rejoice in the gladness of your nation that I may glory with your
nation that I may glory with your
nation that I may glory with your inheritance we have sinned with our
inheritance we have sinned with our
inheritance we have sinned with our fathers we have committed iniquity we
fathers we have committed iniquity we
fathers we have committed iniquity we have done wickedly our fathers in Egypt
have done wickedly our fathers in Egypt
have done wickedly our fathers in Egypt did not understand your wonders they did
did not understand your wonders they did
did not understand your wonders they did not remember the multitude of your
not remember the multitude of your
not remember the multitude of your mercies
mercies
mercies but rebelled by the sea the red sea
but rebelled by the sea the red sea
but rebelled by the sea the red sea nevertheless he saved them for his
nevertheless he saved them for his
nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake that he might make his
name's sake that he might make his
name's sake that he might make his mighty power known he rebuked the red
mighty power known he rebuked the red
mighty power known he rebuked the red sea also and it dried up so he led them
sea also and it dried up so he led them
sea also and it dried up so he led them through the depths as through the
through the depths as through the
through the depths as through the wilderness he saved them from the hand
wilderness he saved them from the hand
wilderness he saved them from the hand of him who hated them and redeemed them
of him who hated them and redeemed them
of him who hated them and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy the waters
from the hand of the enemy the waters
from the hand of the enemy the waters covered their enemies there was not one
covered their enemies there was not one
covered their enemies there was not one of them left then they believed his
of them left then they believed his
of them left then they believed his words they sang his praise they soon for
words they sang his praise they soon for
words they sang his praise they soon for God his works they did not wait for his
God his works they did not wait for his
God his works they did not wait for his counsel but lusted exceedingly in the
counsel but lusted exceedingly in the
counsel but lusted exceedingly in the wilderness and tested God in the desert
wilderness and tested God in the desert
wilderness and tested God in the desert and he gave them their request but sent
and he gave them their request but sent
and he gave them their request but sent leanness into their soul when they
leanness into their soul when they
leanness into their soul when they envied Moses in the camp and Aaron the
envied Moses in the camp and Aaron the
envied Moses in the camp and Aaron the saint of the Lord the earth opened up
saint of the Lord the earth opened up
saint of the Lord the earth opened up and swallowed Athan and covered the
and swallowed Athan and covered the
and swallowed Athan and covered the faction of a Byram a fire was kindled in
faction of a Byram a fire was kindled in
faction of a Byram a fire was kindled in their company the flame burned up the
their company the flame burned up the
their company the flame burned up the wicked they made a calf in Horeb and
wicked they made a calf in Horeb and
wicked they made a calf in Horeb and worshipped the molded image thus they
worshipped the molded image thus they
worshipped the molded image thus they changed their glory into the image of an
changed their glory into the image of an
changed their glory into the image of an ox that
ox that
ox that grass they forgot God their Savior who
grass they forgot God their Savior who
grass they forgot God their Savior who had done great things in Egypt wondrous
had done great things in Egypt wondrous
had done great things in Egypt wondrous works in the land of ham awesome things
works in the land of ham awesome things
works in the land of ham awesome things by the Red Sea therefore he said that he
by the Red Sea therefore he said that he
by the Red Sea therefore he said that he would destroy them had not Moses his
would destroy them had not Moses his
would destroy them had not Moses his chosen one stood before him in the
chosen one stood before him in the
chosen one stood before him in the breach to turn away his wrath lest he
breach to turn away his wrath lest he
breach to turn away his wrath lest he destroy them then they despised the
destroy them then they despised the
destroy them then they despised the pleasant land they did not believe his
pleasant land they did not believe his
pleasant land they did not believe his word but complained in their tents and
word but complained in their tents and
word but complained in their tents and did not heed the voice of the Lord
did not heed the voice of the Lord
did not heed the voice of the Lord therefore he raised his hand in an oath
therefore he raised his hand in an oath
therefore he raised his hand in an oath against them to overthrow them in the
against them to overthrow them in the
against them to overthrow them in the wilderness to overthrow their
wilderness to overthrow their
wilderness to overthrow their descendents among the nations and to
descendents among the nations and to
descendents among the nations and to scatter them in the lands they joined
scatter them in the lands they joined
scatter them in the lands they joined themselves also to bale of PR and ate
themselves also to bale of PR and ate
themselves also to bale of PR and ate sacrifices made to the dead
sacrifices made to the dead
sacrifices made to the dead thus they provoked him to anger with
thus they provoked him to anger with
thus they provoked him to anger with their deeds and the plague broke out
their deeds and the plague broke out
their deeds and the plague broke out among them then Phineas stood up and
among them then Phineas stood up and
among them then Phineas stood up and intervened and the plague was stopped
intervened and the plague was stopped
intervened and the plague was stopped and that was accounted to him for
and that was accounted to him for
and that was accounted to him for righteousness to all generations forever
righteousness to all generations forever
righteousness to all generations forever more they angered him also at the waters
more they angered him also at the waters
more they angered him also at the waters of strife so that it went ill with Moses
of strife so that it went ill with Moses
of strife so that it went ill with Moses on account of them because they rebelled
on account of them because they rebelled
on account of them because they rebelled against his spirit so that he spoke
against his spirit so that he spoke
against his spirit so that he spoke rashly with his lips they did not
rashly with his lips they did not
rashly with his lips they did not destroy the people's concerning whom the
destroy the people's concerning whom the
destroy the people's concerning whom the Lord had commanded them but they mingled
Lord had commanded them but they mingled
Lord had commanded them but they mingled with the Gentiles and learned their
with the Gentiles and learned their
with the Gentiles and learned their works they served their idols which
works they served their idols which
works they served their idols which became a snare to them they even
became a snare to them they even
became a snare to them they even sacrificed their sons and their
sacrificed their sons and their
sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons and shed innocent
daughters to demons and shed innocent
daughters to demons and shed innocent blood the blood of their sons and
blood the blood of their sons and
blood the blood of their sons and daughters whom they sacrificed to the
daughters whom they sacrificed to the
daughters whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan and the land was
idols of Canaan and the land was
idols of Canaan and the land was polluted with blood
polluted with blood
polluted with blood thus they were defiled by their own
thus they were defiled by their own
thus they were defiled by their own works and played the harlot by their own
works and played the harlot by their own
works and played the harlot by their own deeds
deeds
deeds therefore the wrath of the Lord was
therefore the wrath of the Lord was
therefore the wrath of the Lord was kindled against his people so that he
kindled against his people so that he
kindled against his people so that he had hoard his own inheritance and he
had hoard his own inheritance and he
had hoard his own inheritance and he gave them into the hand of the Gentiles
gave them into the hand of the Gentiles
gave them into the hand of the Gentiles and those who hated them
and those who hated them
and those who hated them ruled over them their enemies also
ruled over them their enemies also
ruled over them their enemies also oppress them and they were brought into
oppress them and they were brought into
oppress them and they were brought into subjection under their hand many times
subjection under their hand many times
subjection under their hand many times he delivered them but they rebelled in
he delivered them but they rebelled in
he delivered them but they rebelled in their counsel and were brought lo for
their counsel and were brought lo for
their counsel and were brought lo for their iniquity nevertheless he regarded
their iniquity nevertheless he regarded
their iniquity nevertheless he regarded their affliction when he heard their cry
their affliction when he heard their cry
their affliction when he heard their cry and for their sake he remembered his
and for their sake he remembered his
and for their sake he remembered his covenant and relented according to the
covenant and relented according to the
covenant and relented according to the multitude of his mercies he also made
multitude of his mercies he also made
multitude of his mercies he also made them to be pitied by all those who
them to be pitied by all those who
them to be pitied by all those who carried them away captive save us O Lord
carried them away captive save us O Lord
carried them away captive save us O Lord our God and gather us from among the
our God and gather us from among the
our God and gather us from among the Gentiles to give thanks to your Holy
Gentiles to give thanks to your Holy
Gentiles to give thanks to your Holy Name to triumph in your praise blessed
Name to triumph in your praise blessed
Name to triumph in your praise blessed be the Lord God of Israel from
be the Lord God of Israel from
be the Lord God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting and let all
everlasting to everlasting and let all
everlasting to everlasting and let all the people say Amen praise the Lord